#General Information
No date set yet.


## Team

 * Laura
 * Floor
 * Franz Josef

...add your name here

---

## General ToDo list

 1. Download "Vereinsstatuten"
 2. Register a "Verein" named "Verein für WordPress und Förderung der Open Source Kultur in Österreich"
 3. Set the MeetUp to be the "Mitgliederversammlung"

---

## Venues

### Possible Locations

_just brainstorming..._

 * WUK
 * MAK
 * Universities
 * FHs (Technicum Wien, 2. District, contains the DrupalCamp this year)
 * ...

...place proposals here

### Notes

 * Clear statement about cleaning responsibilities in the contract.
 * Firedepartment check - get Evacuation plans up front from Venue head office

---

## Catering

### Notes

 * One person constantly has to care about catering. Especially about the waiters (those like to hide all the time).
 * One person from the catering has to be named upfront (min. two weeks) as responsible for the catering. Has to be at the venue all the time.
 * Clear in contract rule that a minimum amount of waiters has to be constantly on each bar/whatever.
 * Rule #2 is that they have to keep the place clean and have to have one girl/guy to constantly care about left over dishes, etc.

---

## Sponsors

### To Ask

 * Adobe - heard it's a great and constant Sponsor in Germany/WPCamp; also they got Adope set of products;
 * Google - they sponsor the _Google Summer of Code_ where WP often participated. Maybe they'll jump in.
 * Microsoft - remember Bing?
 * MarketPress - Inpsyde G.m.b.H; The guys behind WordPress Germany.
 * Stadt Wien
 * Ministerien (Fundings/Förderungen)
 
### ToDo

 * Make a list of Sponsors of other European WordCamps
 * Make a plan for the sponsors. As they aren't going to be allowed to attend for speaker places, we need a pretty good place for them where everybody visits them.
 * Maybe give them tables at the hackaton so they can work together with who ever wants.

---

## Event

Two Day event. Day (1) Talks - Day (2) Hackaton

Maybe Workshops in parallel on day (1)? Adobe got extremly good tech people on design fairs. Could maybe offer a premium sponsor package that as well contains an option for a workshop.

---

## Speakers

---

## Tracks

Two Tracks: Developers, Bloggers/Publishers

Possible third track for "Business/Agencies".


##

## General notes:

* There should be a tiny entry fee to assure attendance, but nothing too expensive.
